---
title: Wat Pho
location:
  locality: Bangkok
  country: Thailand

photosphere: wat-pho.jpg

gallery:
- gridtype: tall
- src: wat-pho-1.jpg
  alt: Stone guard at the entrance to the grounds.
  comment: I was impressed by all the stone work here.
  type: tall
- src: wat-pho-2.jpg
  alt: Traditionally decorated Thai Buddhist temple with a ceramic tower next to it.
  comment: One of the towers sitting in front of a smaller temple.
- src: wat-pho-3.jpg
  alt: Close-up showing the details of the ceramic tower.
  comment: Here's what the towers look like close-up.
- src: wat-pho-4.jpg
  alt: Woman standing amongst ceramic towers.
  comment: Karin enjoying the scenery.
- src: wat-pho-5.jpg
  alt: Man sitting in front of a temple.
  comment: Me soaking it all in.
  type: wide
  bgpad: 55%
- src: wat-pho-6.jpg
  alt: Panoramic showing a garden, a tower, and three doorways.
  comment: This photo has it all — the gardens, the towers, and the meticulously aligned doorways.
  type: wide

gallery2:
- gridtype: col-3
- src: wat-pho-7.jpg
  alt: Inside of a temple with a large golden statue of Buddha
  comment: Inside the temple.
  type: wide
  bgpad: 60%

gallery3:
- gridtype: tall
- src: wat-pho-8.jpg
  alt: Ceramic towers at sunset.
  comment: The sun began to set, bringing even more depth and color to the towers.
  type: tall
- src: wat-pho-9.jpg
  alt: Ceramic towers at sunset.
  comment: Another shot from close up.
  type: tall
  bgpos: 60% 0
- src: wat-pho-10.jpg
  alt: Ceramic towers at sunset.
  comment: The detail was even more incredible at this hour.
  type: wide
  bgpad: 45%
- src: wat-pho-11.jpg
  alt: Panoramic of several ceramic towers, one is being washed by three people.
  comment: Closing time! On the right you can see people meticulously cleaning the towers with toothbrushes.
  type: wide
  bgpad: 50%

tags:
- temples

syndication:
- type: Twitter
  href: https://twitter.com/rupl/status/653502973306232832

summary: We accidentally stumbled upon Wat Pho, the most beautiful place we have seen so far in Bangkok. The amount of care and craft put into these temples is truly magnificent.
---

We started our day intending to visit the Grand Palace. Simple enough. But when we got there, the number of other tourists was a bit off-putting. We had just barely tolerated Versailles, and the number of people scurrying around with selfie sticks or taking jumping photos was reminding us a bit too much of that ordeal. Plus, the high entry fee, a dress code requirement, and short opening hours all made it seem like the wrong move.

We decided to turn around at the gate and head somewhere else.

We wandered around the east edge and found _Saranrom Park_, a lush, green space with gorgeous decoration. It was very well-kept, quiet, and peaceful. We guessed it was because everyone was at the Grand Palace.

We sat in the park for a while just enjoying the scenery, listening to the birds, and watching others feed fish. But eventually we decided it was time to head back and find dinner on our side of town.

We walked out a different side of the park along a small, stinky river. Boy was it dirty! As we kept walking, we realized we were definitely heading into a much less traveled part of town that rarely saw the likes of us. Nothing seemed too dangrous but we were definitely aware that we didn't fit in.

The road we were attempting to take back to the public dock was under heavy construction, so we decided to turn onto a random street to head back in the direction we'd come. By now we were getting very hungry and very close to just hopping in a taxi.

Then, quite suddenly, we came upon an unbelievably beautiful temple called _Wat Pho_. We couldn't believe how magnificent it was!

{% include 'gallery.html' %}

We walked through the temple grounds for over two hours. It is divided into several major sections, each holding progressively smaller concentric layers of buildings. There are small gardens peppered throughout the grounds, with waterfalls and playful statues everywhere. Everywhere we looked, we saw painstaking geometric precision embedded into the entire grounds, with incredibly detailed fractal decoration covering every surface.

We were simply in awe of this place.

We went into the center temple where a huge golden statue of Buddha was drawing a quiet crowd of people, religious and tourist alike. Amusingly, no one was really snapping photos until one of the monks finished his prayers and out of nowhere produced a smartphone, snapping a burst photo of the idol. It must be ok then!

{% include 'gallery.html', gallery: gallery2 %}

Finally, the sun began to set and coincidentally the temple was closing. It was most beautiful as the night began to fall. I would have loved to be there when the day is slightly shorter, giving us more time to view it as twilight fell.

{% include 'gallery.html', gallery: gallery3 %}

Some of the towers were so huge it was impossible to photograph with our simple phone camera. I tried my best by capturing a photosphere of our favorite set of towers. Be sure to look up!

{% include 'photosphere.html' %}
